index.md, before:

# Christophe Maingard

_I began my career as a lumberjack but quickly changed to become a Fullstack - backend oriented - developer. I've been working on all the development aspects of a project: infrastructure design, CI-CD, backend, frontend... I'm always happy to learn._

_I am looking for new opportunities as a remote Full Stack engineer, mainly in a start-up. I would like to work on a rigorous code base, preferably on a high availability service._

_I'm mostly good at javascript/typescript, but am keen on learning less dynamic languages like go/rust._ <br>

[Email](mailto:christophe.maingard@epitech.eu) / [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/christophe-maingard-577879181/) / [GitHub](https://github.com/ChristopheMaingard/) / [NonProfessionalGithub](https://github.com/TocheVoronwe/)

## 🧑🏻‍💻 Working Experience

**Fullstack Engineer** @ [Flitdesk](https://flitdesk.com/) _(October 2019 - Present)_ <br>
Flitdesk is an SaaS product to manage the Flex Office and its coworking places.
- I was part of the Fullstack Team, composed by me, myself, and I. I was often a "joining point" between the backend and frontend team.
- I contributed to develop new features, new services, fix bugs and share my opinions with the team to take decisions about improving our app.
- I helped to migrate from legacy code to a more modern and suitable framework and distributed architecture to fits our current customers needs, using better practices and clean code.
- I helped to migrate our codebase from Heroku to Google Cloud Platform, which has been an opportunity to build a new infrastructure.
- Facing performances issues, I designed an infrastructure and a codebase to greatly reduce the impact on our legacy API.
- In two years, we managed to reduce our APIs response time by 75%, at least.
- We switched our management from SCRUM to a custom Shape Up in early 2021.
- **_Technologies used:_** Node.js, NestJS, Next.js, Loopback, GraphQL, Javascript, Typescript, Angular, Ionic, Stripe API, Google API, Outlook API, GCP, MongoDB, Terraform.<br><br>

**Frontend Developer** @ [Ilévia](https://ilevia.fr/) _(October 2018 - July 2019)_ for [Davidson](https://davidson.fr) <br>
Ilévia is Lille's transport company. I was part of a two-people frontend development team.
- I have developed frontend interfaces for Ilévia's internal information system.
- I have used the redux design pattern to make interactive applications.
- **_Technologies used:_** Angular, RXJS, Express.
  <br><br>

**Fullstack Engineer** @ LifeTrophy _(March 2016 - October 2018)_ for [Davidson](https://davidson.fr) <br>
Life Trophy is a social network that aims to challenge your friends and gain trophies. This was my first developer experience.
- I have been in charge of the development of a hybrid application and its backend.
- I first started working with a team of 3 people and ended up being the only member of the development team.
- Life Trophy has been my first experience as a Fullstack Engineer.
- **_Technologies used:_** Angular, Ionic, SpringBoot, Java, Typescript, Travis-ci, PostgresSQL.
  <br><br>

## 🪓 Non Developer Experiences

**Lumberjack** @ [Chantilly Castle](https://www.chateaudechantilly.fr/) _(2014 - February 2016)_ <br>
This job helped me to take a break from my IT studies.
- I've mostly cut, chopped down, and planted trees.
- **_Technologies used:_** poleaxe, chain saw, tractor. 😆
  <br><br>

## 🎓 Education
- **Master in IT methods applied to business management** _(September 2017 - July 2019)_
  <br>Miage, Lille<br>
- **IT Bachelor Degree** _(September 2017 - July 2019)_
  <br>CNAM, Amiens<br>
- **Two completed years, EPITECH** _(October 2011, October 2013)_
  <br>EPITECH, Paris<br>
  <br><br>

## 💬 Languages

**French**: Native <br>
**English**: B2 (TOEIC: 960 points)
<br><br>

## 🧗🏻 Activities
- Rock-climbing
- Trekking
- Read dystopian books - Ask me for titles!
- Repair motorcycles
  <br><br>

## 🦆 Interests
- I **LOVE** ducks
- Motorcycle addict
- Nature enthusiast
  <br><br>


_oh non, je ne lis pas l'Anglais!... [et voici!](/resume-fr_FR)_

Commit message:

feat(README): add Lucine experience

index.md, after:

# Christophe Maingard

_I began my career as a lumberjack but quickly changed to become a Fullstack - backend oriented - developer. I've been working on all the development aspects of a project: infrastructure design, CI-CD, backend, frontend... I'm always happy to learn._

_I am looking for new opportunities as a remote Full Stack engineer, mainly in a start-up. I would like to work on a rigorous code base, preferably on a high availability service._

_I'm mostly good at javascript/typescript, but am keen on learning less dynamic languages like go/rust._ <br>

[Email](mailto:christophe.maingard@epitech.eu) / [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/christophe-maingard-577879181/) / [GitHub](https://github.com/ChristopheMaingard/) / [NonProfessionalGithub](https://github.com/TocheVoronwe/)

## 🧑🏻‍💻 Working Experience

**Fullstack Engineer** @ [Lucine](https://lucine.fr) _(March 2021 - Present)_ <br>
Lucine is a digital therapeutics company that aims to relieve women's chronic pain through Virtual Reality and mobile applications.
- I was part of a two people fullstack development team, composed by a Lead Dev and me.
- The Fullstack team aimed to develop solutions not related to Virtual Reality, within the Studio division.
- I mostly worked on a backend written with Go, and a frontend developed with VueJs framework.
- I discovered the world of medical companies, and its rigor in the choice of technologies and the way of developing applications.
- We have migrated some interesting parts of an old API written with C# to Go in order to simplify its maintainability. 
- **_Technologies used:_** Node.js, VueJs, Mocha, Golang, Gitlab, Gitlab-CI.<br><br>

**Fullstack Engineer** @ [Flitdesk](https://flitdesk.com/) _(October 2019 - March 2021)_ <br>
Flitdesk is an SaaS product to manage the Flex Office and its coworking places.
- I was part of the Fullstack Team, composed by me, myself, and I. I was often a "joining point" between the backend and frontend team.
- I contributed to develop new features, new services, fix bugs and share my opinions with the team to take decisions about improving our app.
- I helped to migrate from legacy code to a more modern and suitable framework and distributed architecture to fits our current customers needs, using better practices and clean code.
- I helped to migrate our codebase from Heroku to Google Cloud Platform, which has been an opportunity to build a new infrastructure.
- Facing performances issues, I designed an infrastructure and a codebase to greatly reduce the impact on our legacy API.
- In two years, we managed to reduce our APIs response time by 75%, at least.
- We switched our management from SCRUM to a custom Shape Up in early 2021.
- **_Technologies used:_** Node.js, NestJS, Next.js, Loopback, GraphQL, Javascript, Typescript, Angular, Ionic, Stripe API, Google API, Outlook API, GCP, MongoDB, Terraform.<br><br>

**Frontend Developer** @ [Ilévia](https://ilevia.fr/) _(October 2018 - July 2019)_ for [Davidson](https://davidson.fr) <br>
Ilévia is Lille's transport company. I was part of a two-people frontend development team.
- I have developed frontend interfaces for Ilévia's internal information system.
- I have used the redux design pattern to make interactive applications.
- **_Technologies used:_** Angular, RXJS, Express.
  <br><br>

**Fullstack Engineer** @ LifeTrophy _(March 2016 - October 2018)_ for [Davidson](https://davidson.fr) <br>
Life Trophy is a social network that aims to challenge your friends and gain trophies. This was my first developer experience.
- I have been in charge of the development of a hybrid application and its backend.
- I first started working with a team of 3 people and ended up being the only member of the development team.
- Life Trophy has been my first experience as a Fullstack Engineer.
- **_Technologies used:_** Angular, Ionic, SpringBoot, Java, Typescript, Travis-ci, PostgresSQL.
  <br><br>

## 🪓 Non Developer Experiences

**Lumberjack** @ [Chantilly Castle](https://www.chateaudechantilly.fr/) _(2014 - February 2016)_ <br>
This job helped me to take a break from my IT studies.
- I've mostly cut, chopped down, and planted trees.
- **_Technologies used:_** poleaxe, chain saw, tractor. 😆
  <br><br>

## 🎓 Education
- **Master in IT methods applied to business management** _(September 2017 - July 2019)_
  <br>Miage, Lille<br>
- **IT Bachelor Degree** _(September 2017 - July 2019)_
  <br>CNAM, Amiens<br>
- **Two completed years, EPITECH** _(October 2011, October 2013)_
  <br>EPITECH, Paris<br>
  <br><br>

## 💬 Languages

**French**: Native <br>
**English**: B2 (TOEIC: 960 points)
<br><br>

## 🧗🏻 Activities
- Rock-climbing
- Trekking
- Read dystopian books - Ask me for titles!
- Repair motorcycles
  <br><br>

## 🦆 Interests
- I **LOVE** ducks
- Motorcycle addict
- Nature enthusiast
  <br><br>


_oh non, je ne lis pas l'Anglais!... [et voici!](/resume-fr_FR)_
